README.md, before:

# Playground

A collection of personal projets, trainings, etc.

Used Python version: 3.10

CAUTION! Please check out the individual README files in the directories for screenshots!

## 1.Password Manager

This password manager application was based on the one from lesson #29 and #30 of the Udemy course "100 days of code".
It was severely changed and expanded and has now become a fully featured application with data encryption and lots of options.
It supports 2 languages (Bulgarian and English) by default but more can easily be added. The UI was created using Tkinter.

IMPORTANT!!!
The data encryption in this version is reduced to nothing since I don't want to share the actual encryption techniques publicly.

## 2.Snakes & Ladders

This is a small board game that is a favourite of mine since I was little and decided to recreate in Python.
The board design was taken from an actual board version I have at home and recreated in Adobe Illustrator.

Start the game from snl_main. At the moment it's designed for only 2 players and still has some work to be done.
Caution! It was created on a 2K monitor and at the moment the size is fixed at 1900x1200!
I still have some features to add and functionallity to change but this is a playable version of the game.

snl_console is the console version of the game, no UI (as the name suggests).
snl_console_colored is the same as the above but uses Colorama to color some of the text. The colorization doesn't work in VSCODE but can be tested in Jupyter Notebooks.

## 3.Snake Game with Turtle

This is a simple Snake game created with the Turtle module. It started off from a tutorial but I later expanded on it and added some extra features to the game.
There still are a few things that need to be done but it's playable as is. Enjoy!

## 4.Pomodoro

This small app is intended to make you more fuocused on your work and have the appropriate amount of breaks so your brain stays fresh.
As the name states, it's based on the Pomodoro Technique. You can find more about it here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pomodoro_Technique

## 5.Flash Cards

This is a small Flash Cards application which aims at helping you learn new languages.

## 6.US States Game

A small game intended to halp you learn all the US States. Can easily be reworked for world's contries, capitals, cities, etc.

## 7.Pong Game

A simple Pong game created using the Turtle module. I guess we can't run away from the classics.

## 8.Turtle Crossing Game

When I was little I loved this kind of games. This crossing game is extremely simplified version created using the Turtle module.

## 9.Quiz Game

A simple random question console quiz game that tracks your score.

## 10.Hangman Game

Who doesn't like playing Hangman? This is a simple console version.

## 11.Caesar Cipher

A simple string coding app that shuffles the characters by a chosen amount.

Commit message:

Initial commit for Color Utilities

README.md, after:

# Playground

A collection of personal projets, trainings, etc.

Used Python version: 3.10

CAUTION! Please check out the individual README files in the directories for screenshots!

## 0.Color Utilities

This is a package I put up for working with colors. It's sole purpose is to be as simple to use as possible which
is why I took the procedural approach with it. Everything inside is over-commented and every function has a detailed
docstring. The package is still in development! There are things that are not yet tested or documented. If you spot
any issues, please don't hesitate to contact me.

## 1.Password Manager

This password manager application was based on the one from lesson #29 and #30 of the Udemy course "100 days of code".
It was severely changed and expanded and has now become a fully featured application with data encryption and lots of options.
It supports 2 languages (Bulgarian and English) by default but more can easily be added. The UI was created using Tkinter.

IMPORTANT!!!
The data encryption in this version is reduced to nothing since I don't want to share the actual encryption techniques publicly.

## 2.Snakes & Ladders

This is a small board game that is a favourite of mine since I was little and decided to recreate in Python.
The board design was taken from an actual board version I have at home and recreated in Adobe Illustrator.

Start the game from snl_main. At the moment it's designed for only 2 players and still has some work to be done.
Caution! It was created on a 2K monitor and at the moment the size is fixed at 1900x1200!
I still have some features to add and functionallity to change but this is a playable version of the game.

snl_console is the console version of the game, no UI (as the name suggests).
snl_console_colored is the same as the above but uses Colorama to color some of the text. The colorization doesn't work in VSCODE but can be tested in Jupyter Notebooks.

## 3.Snake Game with Turtle

This is a simple Snake game created with the Turtle module. It started off from a tutorial but I later expanded on it and added some extra features to the game.
There still are a few things that need to be done but it's playable as is. Enjoy!

## 4.Pomodoro

This small app is intended to make you more fuocused on your work and have the appropriate amount of breaks so your brain stays fresh.
As the name states, it's based on the Pomodoro Technique. You can find more about it here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pomodoro_Technique

## 5.Flash Cards

This is a small Flash Cards application which aims at helping you learn new languages.

## 6.US States Game

A small game intended to halp you learn all the US States. Can easily be reworked for world's contries, capitals, cities, etc.

## 7.Pong Game

A simple Pong game created using the Turtle module. I guess we can't run away from the classics.

## 8.Turtle Crossing Game

When I was little I loved this kind of games. This crossing game is extremely simplified version created using the Turtle module.

## 9.Quiz Game

A simple random question console quiz game that tracks your score.

## 10.Hangman Game

Who doesn't like playing Hangman? This is a simple console version.

## 11.Caesar Cipher

A simple string coding app that shuffles the characters by a chosen amount.
